---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "metal_assets Data Source - terraform-provider-metal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Show the available assets.
---

# metal_assets (Data Source)

Show the available assets.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) A list of assets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `kubernetes` (Attributes List) The list of supported Kubernetes versions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--kubernetes))
- `machine_types` (Attributes List) The machine types available in a region. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--machine_types))
- `region` (Attributes) The location of a datacenter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--region))

<a id="nestedatt--items--kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.kubernetes`

Read-Only:

- `version` (String) The version of Kubernetes.


<a id="nestedatt--items--machine_types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.machine_types`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_description` (String) The description of the CPUs in this machine.
- `cpus` (Number) CPUs in this machine.
- `id` (String) The id of the machine type.
- `memory` (Number) Memory in this machine.
- `name` (String) The name of the machine type.
- `storage` (Number) Storage in this machine.
- `storage_description` (String) The description of the disks in this machine.


<a id="nestedatt--items--region"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.region`

Read-Only:

- `active` (Boolean) Indicates if the region is usable.
- `address` (String) The address of the region.
- `defaults` (Attributes) The defaults for assets, if not specified otherwise. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--region--defaults))
- `description` (String) Description of the region.
- `id` (String) The id of the region.
- `name` (String) The name of the region.
- `partitions` (Attributes List) Available partitions in this region (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--region--partitions))

<a id="nestedatt--items--region--defaults"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.region.defaults`

Read-Only:

- `kubernetes_version` (String) The default Kubernetes version used.
- `machine_type` (String) The default machine type used.
- `partition` (String) The partition where the cluster is created by default.
- `worker_max` (Number) The maximum servers specified.
- `worker_min` (Number) The minimum servers specified.


<a id="nestedatt--items--region--partitions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.region.partitions`

Read-Only:

- `active` (Boolean) Indicates if the partition is usable.
- `address` (String) The address of the partition.
- `description` (String) Description of the partition.
- `id` (String) The id of the partition.
- `name` (String) The name of the partition.
