---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "metal_public_ips Data Source - terraform-provider-metal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Each cluster gets an IP automatically provided on the internet gateway for outgoing communication.
  Services get an IP automatically on creation.
  Services and gateway IPs are dynamic by default.
  You can use an IP address in several clusters and locations at the same time.
  Required permissions: IP List.
---

# metal_public_ips (Data Source)

Each cluster gets an IP automatically provided on the internet gateway for outgoing communication. 
Services get an IP automatically on creation. 
Services and gateway IPs are dynamic by default. 
You can use an IP address in several clusters and locations at the same time. 
Required permissions: `IP List`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "metal_public_ips" "all_ips" {
}

# access with `metal_public_ips.all_ips.items`
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `items` (Attributes List) All public IP addresses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Indicates when this IP address has initially been claimed.
- `description` (String) Here you can give your IP an optional description for your own use.
- `id` (String) The ID that represents this public IP address.
- `ip` (String) The publicly accessible IP address.
- `name` (String) You can give your IP address a freely chosen name to identify it in the future.
- `network` (String) The network this address is bound to.
- `project` (String) The project this address is part of. Cannot be moved.
- `tags` (List of String) The tags used to organize this address.
- `type` (String) Determines the type of the public ip address. 
	If you want the IP to outlive the cluster lifecycle, mark it as static. Otherwise it will be deleted along with the cluster. 
	Another use case would be if you want to have a stable egress address on the internet gateway for your cluster.
- `updated_at` (String) Indicates when this IP address has been updated.
